This project will create an interactive platform where people can search and find information related to the music sold and performed in the store.
In the past years, we've seen the internet grow exponentially, and at the same time we've also witnessed similar growth in the area of eCommerce. 
Every year, more businesses open websites of their own in order to stake a claim on the World Wide Web. At the same time, websites don't have to be expensive, 
they can be quite easy to create, and they do in fact make a huge difference in a business's growth and sustainability.
Developing a website creates an informational hub for a business. This website can be used to explain the products, services, and unique value proposition. 
A website leaves the possibility to fully explain to potential customers why this business is the superior choice over other competitors.
Many stores, even though they might have great quality products, they do not get the acknowledgement they deserve. 
This website helps increase the number of customers in this store by creating an environment where customers can get services from everywhere.
Unlike physical materials that need to be distributed, a website can be everywhere at once.


Despite the fact that this is not an online store, in a way to pick sales, this website has been created where users can book many services from their homes.
The products sold are for example: instruments, cd's, vinyls, record players, accessories of all kinds in regards to music.
Customers today are in love with shopping online. The vast majority of customers buy products through eCommerce websites, 
and will often choose to buy a product over the internet if they can get a better price than they could from a local store. 
Other reasons for online shopping include convenience, time-saving, and greater ease of comparing options.
This website will let users enter giveaways, an opportunity for the store to be identified, 
and customers are reminded of the business when they're ready to make a purchase.


The employers will be able to check the stock though this website, manage products and services and keep track of items. This website is going to be very beneficial
to employers, because it creates an opportunity to organize the products and services, and give customers a more organized outlook on their stock.
There are also going to be technicians managing bookings, informing shopkeepers and administrators of the materials they’ve run out of, 
keep track of services most often offered, keep track of days and time slots most requested.
Musicians, as a crucial part of the services extended to the customers have a possibility to manage their own bookings,
inform shopkeepers and administrators of the materials they’ve run out of, and keep track of services most often offered and of days and time slots most requested.
The most important chain in this website mainframe are the admins, whom keep track of productivity of staff, check stock and salaries of staff, 
order personalisation’s, stock and personalisation’s via third parties. They are the organizers of "meet and greets" and giveaways. 
Two very important duties of admins are to manage the database, and control the marketing of the business.
